feat(replays): Add Breadcrumb AI Summaries (#93256)
getsentry/sentry: src/sentry/replays/blueprints/api.md

    Cookie: \_ga=GA1.2.17576183...

- Response 204

## Replay Summarize Breadcrumb [/projects/<organization_id_or_slug>/<project_id_or_slug>/replays/<replay_id>/summarize/breadcrumbs/]

### Fetch Replay Breadcrumb Summary [GET]

| Column                   | Type            | Description                                                                                   |
| ------------------------ | --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| title                    | str             | The main title of the user journey summary.                                                   |
| summary                  | str             | A concise summary featuring the highlights of the user's journey while using the application. |

> | time_ranges              | list[TimeRange] | A list of TimeRange objects.                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| time_ranges              | list[TimeRange] | An ordered list of TimeRange objects.                                                                  |
```

| time_ranges.period_start | number          | The start time (UNIX timestamp) of the analysis window.                                       |
| time_ranges.period_end   | number          | The end time (UNIX timestamp) of the analysis window.                                         |
| time_ranges.period_title | str             | A concise summary utilizing 6 words or fewer describing what happened during the time range.  |

- Response 200

  ```json
  {
    "data": {
      "title": "Something Happened",
      "summary": "The application broke",
      "time_ranges": [
        {
          "period_start": 1749584581.5356228,
          "period_end": 1749584992.912,
          "period_title": "Second Replay Load Failure"
        }

>       ]

Reviewer: Could add a second example to show the ordering and relationship of start/end (will all ranges be disjoint? no gaps in between?)
